[DEVX-1134] Document IDE Integrations (#578)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/ide-integrations/intellij.md

---
id: intellij
title: saucectl with intellij
sidebar_label: IntelliJ IDEA
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## What You'll Need

* [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)

## JSON Schema Validation

IntelliJ can help you edit the `saucectl` configuration files by providing helpful suggestions, autocompletion and docs; all without having to leave the IDE.

> Our JSON schema is published to the [JSON Schema Store](https://www.schemastore.org/json/) which is made available to IntelliJ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our JSON schema is published to the [JSON Schema Store](https://www.schemastore.org/json/), which is made available to IntelliJ.
```

> To proceed, open up your `saucectl` config yaml in IntelliJ and select the `SauceCTL Configuration` schema [as described here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/json.html#ws_json_using_schemas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To proceed, open your `saucectl` config yaml in IntelliJ and select the `SauceCTL Configuration` schema [per the IDEA instructions](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/json.html#ws_json_using_schemas).
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/stt/intellij-saucectl-schema-dropdown.png')} alt="IntelliJ Schema Dropdown" />

> You should now be able to see the docs for various attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now be able to see the docs for various attributes:
```
